Okay, now let's see what can we get
using the email of the target person?
Now if we hover over this
or if we just copy the email address,
it will copy the email of the person,
which is zaid@isecur1ty.org.
So we're gonna go back to our Maltego, and I'm gonna add,
I'm gonna put this to the side.
And we're gonna add a new entity,
and this is going to be an email address.
So we're gonna go to Personal,
and we're gonna look for Email Address.
Drag, drop that,
and set the email to the email
of the target person from the Properties.
Again, I'm gonna double-click it
and type zaid@isecur1ty.org.
Now again, we actually got the email from here,
from this icon right here,
which leads us to the email of the person.
So I didn't guess it myself or just get it out of nowhere.
I actually managed to get it
from only typing the name of the person.
Now from this email,
we're gonna try and see what information we can get.
I'm gonna right-click this, as usual,
and I'm gonna transfer this to a domain name.
Now again, you can transfer this to a person.
You can transfer this to a phone number,
to URLs, to websites.
But I'm not gonna do all of that
because I've already actually done this on my own time.
And the useful one is if we transfer it to a person.
So there is a lot of trial and error in this.
You'll try things.
It might not give you good information.
Delete the bad entities, and just keep going.
So we can see that we got a domain name,
which is isecur1ty.org.
Now from this website, I'm gonna try to get
the email addresses associated to this website.
We're gonna go back,
and we're gonna look for email addresses,
as you can see here.
So I'm just gonna click on Run All
to run all the transformers that will get me email addresses
associated with this domain.
And if we go down, we have this domain protection email,
which is not useful,
so I'm just gonna delete it straight away.
And we have m.askar@isecur1ty.org,
which is the same person as this.
Now another thing that we can do from the domain
is transfer that to a website.
And then from this website,
we're gonna look for email addresses associated with it.
Great, now this is done.
And if we go down,
we can see now we got two not-useful emails right here,
so I'm gonna delete these two.
And we have two good ones.
So we have mustafa@albazy.com,
which is the same as this person,
which we got from Twitter.
And we have the info@isecur1ty.org.
Now again, you can just keep going
and try to gather more information about this target.
But for now, I think this is enough.
So we have enough info
to start building up an attack strategy for this person.
Now in the next lecture,
we'll discuss all the info that we gathered,
and we'll come up with ideas
on how we can attack this person
and hack into their system or into their accounts.